<!-- DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE; it is auto-generated from readme.txt -->
# Széchenyi 2020 Logo (WordPress plugin)

This Wordpress plugin places a Széchenyi 2020 logo to the frontend to any position.

**Contributors:** [foldesistudio](https://profiles.wordpress.org/foldesistudio)

**Donate link:** [PayPal](https://www.paypal.com/donate/?business=47DJVT44PCDGW&no_recurring=0&currency_code=HUF)

**Tags:** floating content, floating logo, floating sidebar, floating wordpress sidebar, hungary, logo, popup, scrolling banner, scrolling sidebar, static block,
sticky advertising, sticky sidebar, szechenyi, szechenyi 2020, szechenyi 2020 logo, wordpress sticky plugin,

**Requires at least:** 5.0  

**Tested up to:** 5.9

**Requires PHP:** 7.0

**Stable tag:** 1.0

**License:** [Attribution 4.0 International (CC BY 4.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)


## Description ##

Széchenyi 2020 Logo is an all-in-one plug-in with easy to use controls. It helps you place a Széchenyi logo as sticky footer or sticky header.
If you would like you can modify default placing parameters manually.

All parameters of settings are stored as transients. It means final rendered HTML and CSS source codes on frontend are stored in the cache system of WordPress.

## Languages ##

Available languages are listed below:
* English
* Hungarian

## Important Notes ##

The default settings are for guidance only. The developer of the plug-in assumes no any warranty and/or responsibility.

This is an unofficial plug-in and completely a hobby project. Széchenyi logos source from szechenyi2020.hu

## Installation ##

1. Upload `szechenyi-2020-logo` to the `/wp-content/plugins/` directory
2. Activate the plugin through the 'Plugins' menu in WordPress
3. After activating, a floating logo is displayed on your website automatically
4. Activated menu can be found in left side `Settings` menubar  and top adminbar
5. Modify default parameters manually (optional)

## Frequently Asked Questions ##

### Can I control floating logo to display only on the selected pages / posts / category? ###
No, you cannot. After activating, a floating logo is displayed on your all website's parts.

### Does it need shortcode to display floating logo on website? ###
No, you do not. This plug-in does not use any shortcode to display on websites.

### How can I modify the default settings? ###
If you would like you can modify default placing parameters manually under `Settings` >` Széchenyi 2020 Logo`.
As well as you are able to use top adminbar or WP-CLI command-line interface to modify these.

### What do I need to use the WP-CLI command-line interface? ### 
Use `wp szechenyi-2020-logo help` in the command-line to see more about basic commands.
In order to use WP-CLI, you will need to have WP-CLI installed on your hosting server (it does not come with WordPress by default).

### Is it the official plugin? ###
No, it is not. This is a hobby project.


## Changelog ##

### 1.1 ###
* Added WP-CLI support (see `wp szechenyi-2020-logo help` command)
* Fixed transients clearing
* Improved loading rendering
 
### 1.0 ###
* Initial Release

## Upgrade Notice ##

### 1.1 ###
* Added WP-CLI support and some improvements

### 1.0 ###
* Initial release thus no upgrade notice




